Docs to talk about intregrations (#215)
home-assistant/developers.home-assistant: docs/creating_platform_index.md

---
title: "Integration Platforms"
sidebar_label: "Platforms"
---

Home Assistant has various built-in integrations that abstract device types. There are [lights](entity_light.md), [switches](entity_switch.md), [covers](entity_cover.md), [climate devices](entity_climate.md), and [many more](entity_index.md). Your integration can hook into these integrations by creating a platform. You will need a platform for each integration that you are integrating with.

To create a platform, you will need to create a file with the domain name of the integration that you are building a platform for. So if you are building a light, you will add a new file `light.py` to your integration folder.

We have created two example integrations that should give you a look at how this works:

 - [Example sensor platform](https://github.com/home-assistant/example-custom-config/tree/master/custom_components/example_sensor/): hello world of platforms.
 - [Example light platform](https://github.com/home-assistant/example-custom-config/tree/master/custom_components/example_light/): showing best practices.

### Interfacing with devices

> One Home Assistant rule is that platform logic should never interface directly with devices. Instead, it should interact with a third-party Python 3 library. This way, Home Assistant can share code with the Python community and keep the project maintainable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One Home Assistant rule is that the integration should never interface directly with devices. Instead, it should interact with a third-party Python 3 library. This way, Home Assistant can share code with the Python community and keep the project maintainable.
```
